DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY [Docket No. DHS–2017–0038] 
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records AGENCY: Department of Homeland Security, Privacy Office. ACTION: Notice of Modified Privacy Act System of Records. SUMMARY: In accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) proposes to modify a current DHS system of records titled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security/U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection—001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records.’’ This system of records contains information regarding transactions involving an individual as he or she passes through the U.S. immigration process, some of which may also be covered by separate Systems of Records Notices. DHS primarily maintains information relating to the adjudication of benefits, investigation of immigration violations, and enforcement actions in Alien Files (A-Files). Alien Files became the official file for all immigration records created or consolidated since April 1, 1944. Before A-Files, many individuals had more than one file with the agency. To streamline immigration recordkeeping, legacy Immigration and Naturalization Service issued each individual an Alien Number, allowing the agency to create a single file for each individual containing that individual’s official 
immigration record. DHS also uses other immigration files to support administrative, fiscal, and legal needs. DATES: Submit comments on or before October 18, 2017. This modified system will be effective upon publication. New or modified routine uses will become effective October 18, 2017. ADDRESSES: You may submit comments, identified by docket number DHS– 2017–0038 by one of the following methods: • Federal e-Rulemaking Portal: http:// www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions for submitting comments. • Fax: 202–343–4010. • Mail: Jonathan R. Cantor, Acting Chief Privacy Officer, Privacy Office, Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC 20528–0655. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For general questions, please contact: Donald K. Hawkins, (202) 272–8000, Privacy Officer, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, 20 Massachusetts Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20529. For privacy questions, please contact: Jonathan R. Cantor, (202) 343–1717, Acting Chief Privacy Officer, Privacy Office, Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC 20528–0655. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: As DHS moves to conducting more immigration actions in an electronic environment and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) adjudicates more immigration benefits and requests for action in its USCIS Electronic Immigration System, DHS no longer considers the paper A-File as the sole repository and official record of information related to an individual’s official immigration record. An individual’s immigration history may be in the following materials and formats: (1) A paper A-File; (2) an electronic record in the Enterprise Document Management System or USCIS Electronic Immigration System; or (3) a combination of paper and electronic records and supporting documentation. The Department of Homeland Security, therefore, is updating the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security/U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection–001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records notice to: (1) Redefine which records constitute the official record of an individual’s immigration history to include the following materials and formats: (a) The paper A-File, (b) an electronic record in the Enterprise Document Management System or U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Electronic Immigration System, or (c) a 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43557 Federal Register /Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
combination of paper and electronic records and supporting documentation; (2) clarify that data originating from this system of records may be stored in a classified paper A-File or classified electronic network; (3) provide updated system locations; (4) update category of individuals covered by this System of Records Notice, to include individuals acting as legal guardians or designated representatives in immigration proceedings involving an individual who is physically or developmentally disabled or severely mentally impaired (when authorized); Civil Surgeons who conduct and certify medical examinations for immigration benefits; law enforcement officers who certify a benefit requestors cooperation in the investigation or prosecution of a criminal activity; and interpreters; (5) expand the categories of records to include the following: country of nationality; country of residence; the USCIS Online Account Number; social media handles, aliases, associated identifiable information, and search results; and the Department of Justice (DOJ), Executive Office for Immigration Review and Board of Immigration Appeals proceedings information; (6) add and describe the purpose for the USCIS Electronic Immigration System, Electronic Document Management System, and Microfilm Digitization Application System; (7) expand the data elements used to retrieve records; (8) update the parameters for retention and disposal of A–Files; (9) add the Microfilm Digitization Application System retention schedule; (10) update system manager to Associate Director, Immigration Records and Identity Services; (11) update record source categories to include publicly available information obtained from the internet, public records, public institutions, interviewees, commercial data providers, and information obtained and disclosed pursuant to information sharing agreements; and (12) update routine use E to comply with new policy contained in Office of Management and Budget Circular A– 108. Additionally, this notice includes non-substantive changes to simplify the formatting and text of the previously published notice. The exemptions for the existing system of records notice will continue to be applicable for this updated system of records notice. This modified system of records notice will be included in the DHS’s inventory of record systems. I. Background In accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U.S.C. 552a, the DHS U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
(USCIS), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) proposes to update and reissue a current DHS system of records titled, ‘‘DHS/USCIS– ICE–CBP–001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records.’’ DHS implements U.S. immigration law and policy through USCIS’ processing and adjudication of applications and petitions submitted for citizenship, asylum, and other immigration benefits. USCIS also supports national security by preventing individuals from fraudulently obtaining immigration benefits and by denying applications from individuals who pose national security or public safety threats. DHS implements U.S. immigration policy and law through ICE’s law enforcement activities and CBP’s inspection and border security processes. Legacy immigration and naturalization agencies previously collected and maintained information concerning all immigration and inspection interactions. Before Alien Files (A-Files), many individuals had more than one file with the agency requiring legacy personnel to search multiple records systems and indexes for all records pertaining to one individual. The former Immigration and Naturalization Services (INS) introduced A-Files and issued each individual an Alien Number (A- Number) allowing INS to create one file for each individual containing the entire agency’s records for the subject. Legacy immigration case file records that were not consolidated into the A-File are still maintained since these records hold historical value and are shared with government agencies and members of the public who request this information for mission-related and genealogy purposes. The Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records is the official record system that contains information regarding the transactions of an individual as he or she passes through the U.S. immigration process. Currently, A-Files may be maintained in two formats: Paper A-Files or electronic A-Files within the Enterprise Document Management System (EDMS). The official record will now take three possible forms: (1) Records contained within the paper A-File; (2) records contained within the electronic record from EDMS or USCIS Electronic Immigration System (USCIS ELIS); or (3) a combination of paper and electronic records and supporting documentation. The A-File serves as the official record of an individual’s immigration history. 
It is used in immigration proceedings before U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) immigration judges and the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA), and is the official record used in Federal court litigation and other official agency business transactions. USCIS is the custodian of the A-File and the documents contained within it that are derived from various systems belonging to USCIS, ICE, and CBP. All three components create, contribute information to, and use A-Files, hence this joint System of Records Notice (SORN). A notice detailing this system of records was last published in the Federal Register on November 21, 2013, as the DHS/USCIS/ICE/CBP001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records, 78 FR 69864. DHS is updating the DHS/USCIS/ICE/CBP– 001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records to include the following substantive changes: (1) Redefine which records constitute the official record of an individual’s immigration history to include the following materials and formats: (a) The paper A-File, (b) the electronic A-File, or (c) a combination of paper and electronic records and supporting documentation; (2) clarify that data originating from this system of records may be stored in a classified paper A- File or classified electronic network; (3) provide updated system locations; (4) update category of individuals covered by this SORN to include individual acting as legal guardians or designated representatives in immigration proceedings involving individuals who are physically or developmentally disabled or severely mentally impaired (when authorized); Civil Surgeons who conduct and certify medical examinations for immigration benefits; and law enforcement officers who certify a benefit requestors cooperation in the investigation or prosecution of a criminal activity; and interpreters; (5) expand the categories of records to include country of nationality; country of residence; the USCIS Online Account Number; social media handles, aliases, associated identifiable information, and search results; and information regarding the DOJ Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR) and BIA proceedings; (6) add and describe the purpose of the USCIS ELIS, EDMS, and Microfilm Digitization Application System (MiDAS); (7) expand data elements used to retrieve records; (8) update the parameters for retention and disposal of paper A-Files and electronic A-Files; (9) include the MiDAS retention schedule; (10) change system 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43558 Federal Register/Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
manager to Associate Director, Immigration Records and Identity Services (IRIS); (11) update record source categories to include publicly available information obtained from the internet, public records, public institutions, interviews, commercial data providers, and information shared obtained through information sharing agreements; and (12) update routine use E to comply with Office of Management and Budget Circular A–108. Consistent with DHS’s information sharing mission, information stored in the DHS/USCIS/ICE/CBP–001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records may be shared with other DHS components that have a need to know the information to carry out their national security, law enforcement, immigration, intelligence, or other homeland security functions. In addition, information contained within the DHS/USCIS/ICE/CBP–001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records may be shared with appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, foreign, or international government agencies consistent with the routine uses set forth in this system of records notice. The exemptions for the existing system of records notice will continue to be applicable for this system of records notice. Additionally, this modified system will be included in DHS’s inventory of record systems. II. Privacy Act The Privacy Act embodies fair information practice principles in a statutory framework governing the means by which Federal Government agencies collect, maintain, use, and disseminate individuals’ records. The Privacy Act applies to information that is maintained in a ‘‘system of records.’’ A ‘‘system of records’’ is a group of any records under the control of an agency from which information is retrieved by the name of an individual or by some identifying number, symbol, or other identifying particular assigned to the individual. In the Privacy Act, an individual is defined to encompass U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents. Additionally, and similarly, the Judicial Redress Act (JRA) provides a statutory right to covered persons to make requests for access and amendment to covered records, as defined by the JRA, along with judicial review for denials of such requests. In addition, the JRA prohibits disclosures of covered records, except as otherwise permitted by the Privacy Act. Below is the description of the DHS/ USCIS/ICE/CBP–001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records. In accordance with 5 U.S.C. 
552a(r), DHS has provided a report of this system of records to the Office of Management and Budget and to Congress. SYSTEM NAME AND NUMBER: Department of Homeland Security (DHS) U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP)– 001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking System of Records. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: Unclassified, sensitive, for official use only, and classified. The data may be retained in classified paper A-File or on classified networks. The nature and character of the underlying classification of these records will not change unless it is combined with classified information. SYSTEM LOCATION: Records are maintained in (1) paper A-Files; (2) electronic A-Files in EDMS and USCIS ELIS; (3) Central Index System (CIS); (4) MiDAS; and (5) National File Tracking System (NFTS). Other applications, as Enterprise Citizenship and Immigrations Services Centralized Operational Repository (eCISCOR) and the Person Centric Query Service (PCQS), may retrieve information from the aforementioned applications. Paper A-Files: Paper A-Files are primarily located at the National Records Center in Lee’s Summit, Missouri and component field offices. Paper A-Files may also be located at Headquarters, Regional, District, and other USCIS File Control Offices (FCO) throughout the United States and foreign countries as detailed on the agency’s Web site, http://www.uscis.gov. A-Files may also be located at ICE and CBP offices and facilities. EDMS: EDMS contains electronic A- Files. USCIS ELIS: USCIS ELIS contains electronic A-Files. USCIS ELIS is an online, electronic account and case management system that stores information submitted or integrated into the system for the processing of specific applications, petitions, or requests. Submissions may originate in an electronic format or be converted to an electronic format from paper and include forms, supporting documentation associated with each submission notices of agency action (e.g., appointment notices, requests for evidence or originals, notices of intent to deny, or withdrawal notice and other final agency decisions) on a specific application, petition, or request, 
whether filed directly online or received by USCIS in a paper format and subsequently scanned for integration into the USCIS ELIS. USCIS ELIS also stores the USCIS Online Account Number and biographic information about the individual filing a request for an immigration decision or agency action that can be used to retrieve information about other immigration requests that may have been filed by the individual. CIS: CIS serves as a DHS-wide index of key information for A-Files (whether paper or electronic). CIS contains information on individuals who interact with DHS. The system contains biographic information on those individuals which can be used to retrieve additional information from other systems. However, A-Files are not contained in CIS. MiDAS: MiDAS contains digitized copies of immigration-related records that were created between 1893 and 1975. NFTS: NFTS has the location information for all A-File records (whether paper or electronic). NFTS allows DHS to track and log the movement of paper A-Files in a centralized database, and provide timely and accurate access to the immigration case file location. This system facilitates USCIS’ ability to efficiently manage and streamline access to immigration files under its control. The databases maintaining the above information are located within the DHS data center in the Washington, DC metropolitan area as well as throughout the country. Access to these electronic systems is possible at USCIS sites at Headquarters and in the field offices throughout the United States, at appropriate facilities under the jurisdiction of DHS, and other locations at which officers of DHS component agencies may be posted or operate to facilitate DHS’s homeland security mission. SYSTEM MANAGER(S): Associate Director, Immigration Records and Identity Services, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, 20 Massachusetts Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20529. AUTHORITY FOR MAINTENANCE OF THE SYSTEM: Authority for maintaining this system is in Sections 103 and 290 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), as amended (8 U.S.C. 1103 and 1360), and the regulations issued pursuant thereto; and Section 451 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107–296), codified at 6 U.S.C. 271. 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43559 Federal Register /Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
PURPOSE(S) OF THE SYSTEM: The purpose of this system of records is to facilitate administration of benefits and enforcement of provisions under the INA and related immigration statutes. A-Files (whether paper or electronic), immigration case files, CIS, MiDAS, and NFTS are used primarily by DHS employees for immigration processing and adjudication, protection of national security, and administering and enforcing immigration and nationality laws and related regulations and policy. These records also assist DHS with detecting violations of immigration and nationality laws; supporting the referral of such violations for prosecution or other appropriate enforcement action; supporting law enforcement efforts and inspection processes at the U.S. borders; as well as to carry out DHS enforcement, immigration, intelligence, and or other homeland security functions. The purpose of the A-File is to document and maintain the official record of an individual’s immigration applications, petitions, and requests, as well as enforcement transactions as he or she passes through the U.S. immigration process. The official records in the A-Files consist of paper and electronic records of the individual’s transactions through the immigration process including records of immigration benefit requests and requests for agency action filed with USCIS, but does not include all case processing and decisional data. The purpose of the EDMS is to store the A-File electronically and to share the A-File more efficiently within DHS and with external agencies. The purpose of USCIS ELIS is to maintain the A-File of certain paper- and electronically-filed benefit request forms with USCIS, in addition its electronic case processing, adjudication, and management functions. The associated information and data for cases maintained in USCIS ELIS for case processing, adjudication, and management functions are covered under other USCIS SORNs. The purpose of CIS is to maintain a repository of electronic data that summarizes the history of an immigrant or non-immigrant in the adjudication process. In addition, CIS maintains information about individuals of interest to the U.S. Government for investigative purposes. Information contained within CIS is used for immigration benefit determination and for immigration law enforcement operations by USCIS, ICE, and CBP. The purpose of MiDAS is to maintain a repository of historical immigration case files for use by government 
agencies for mission-related purposes such as assisting in the determination to grant or deny a government benefit or to conduct law enforcement or other investigations. Furthermore, USCIS makes records of deceased subjects available to members of the public who request them for genealogy and other historical research purposes. The purpose of NFTS is to account for the specific location of immigration files, and to track the request and transfer of immigration files. CATEGORIES OF INDIVIDUALS COVERED BY THE SYSTEM: • Lawful permanent residents; • Naturalized U.S. citizens; • Individuals when petitioning for benefits under the INA, as amended, on behalf of another individual; • Individuals acting as legal guardians or designated representatives in immigration proceedings involving an individual who has a physical or developmental disability or mental impairment (as authorized under the INA); • Individuals who receive benefits under the INA; • Individuals who are subject to the enforcement provisions of the INA; • Individuals who are subject to the INA and: o Are under investigation by DHS for possible national security threats or threats to the public safety, o were investigated by DHS in the past, Æ are suspected of violating immigration-related criminal or immigration-related civil provisions of treaties, statutes, regulations, Executive Orders, and Presidential Proclamations administered by DHS, or Æ are witnesses and informants having knowledge of such violations; • Relatives and associates of any of the individuals listed above who are subject to the INA; • Individuals who have renounced their U.S. citizenship; • Civil Surgeons who are required to conduct and certify medical examinations for immigration benefits; and law enforcement officers who certify a benefit requestor’s cooperation in the investigation or prosecution of a criminal activity; • Preparers assisting an individual seeking an immigration benefit or agency action under the INA; • Interpreters assisting an individual seeking an immigration benefit or agency action under the INA; • Attorneys or representatives recognized by USCIS or accredited by the BIA; or • Law enforcement officers who certify a benefit requestor’s cooperation 
in the investigation or prosecution of a criminal activity. Note: Individuals may fall within one or more of these categories. 
CATEGORIES OF RECORDS IN THE SYSTEM: A. A-Files contain official record material about each individual for whom DHS has created a record under the INA such as: Naturalization certificates; various documents and attachments (e.g., birth and marriage certificates); applications, petitions, and requests for immigration determinations or agency action under the immigration and nationality laws; reports of arrests and investigations; statements; other reports; records of proceedings before or filings made with the U.S. immigration courts and any administrative or federal district court or court of appeal; correspondence; and memoranda. Specific data elements may include: • A-Numbers; • Receipt file number(s); • Full name and any aliases used; • Physical and mailing addresses (to include U.S. and foreign); • Phone numbers and email addresses; • Social Security number (SSN); • Date of birth; • Place of birth (city, state, and country); • Country of citizenship; • Country of nationality; • Country of residence; • Gender; • Physical characteristics (height, weight, race, eye and hair color, photographs, fingerprints); • Government-issued identification information (i.e., passport, driver’s license): Æ Document type; Æ Issuing organization; Æ Document number; and Æ Expiration date; • Military membership and/or status; • Arrival/Departure information (record number, expiration date, class of admission, etc.); • Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Identification Number/Universal Control Number; • Fingerprint Identification Number; • Immigration enforcement history, including, but not limited to, arrests and charges, immigration proceedings and appeals, and dispositions including removals or voluntary departures; • Immigration status; • Family history; • Travel history; • Education history; • Employment history; • Criminal history; • Professional accreditation information; 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43560 Federal Register/Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
• Medical information; • Information regarding the status of Department of Justice (DOJ), Executive Office of Immigration Review (EOIR) and (BIA) proceedings, if applicable; • Specific benefit eligibility information as required by the benefit being sought; • Social media handles and aliases, associated identifiable information, and search results; and • Cassette/audio tapes, audio-visual/ videotapes, CDs, DVDs, or transcripts of immigration interviews. B. CIS contains information on those individuals who during their interactions with DHS have been assigned an A-Number. The system contains biographic information on those individuals, allowing DHS employees to quickly review the individual’s immigration status. The information in the system can then be used to retrieve additional information on the individual from other systems. The information in the system can be used to request the paper A-File from the USCIS FCO that has custody of the A-File. Specific data elements may include: • A-Number(s); • Full name and any aliases used; • SSN; • Date of birth; • Place of birth (city, state, and country); • Country of citizenship; • Country of nationality; • Gender; • Government issued identification information (i.e., passport, driver’s license): • Document type; • Issuing organization; • Document number; • Expiration date; • Arrival/Departure information (record number, expiration date, class of admission, etc.); • Immigration status; • Father and Mother’s first name; • FBI Identification/Identification Universal Control Number; • Fingerprint Identification Number; • Immigration enforcement history, including arrests and charges, immigration proceedings and appeals, and dispositions including removals or voluntary departures; and • NFTS file location and status information. C. EDMS contains official record material about each individual for whom DHS has created a record pursuant to the INA and the same information as contained in the as a paper A-File except for material that cannot be scanned from the paper A- File (e.g., cassette/audio tapes, audio- visual/video tapes, CDs, or DVDs). 
D. USCIS ELIS contains official record information and material used to determine an outcome on an immigration application, petition, or request or request agency action, such as supporting documentation, and notices of agency action on the specific immigration request. USCIS ELIS also stores the USCIS Online Account Number biographic information about the individual seeking an immigration benefit or requesting agency action that can be used to retrieve information about other requests filed by the individual, and the electronic copy of the naturalization or certificate of citizenship. Specific data elements may include, but are not limited to: • Full Name; • Aliases; • Physical and mailing addresses; • A-Number; • USCIS Online Account Number; • SSN; • Date of birth and/or death; • Country of citizenship; • Country of nationality; • Country of residence; • Place of birth; • Gender; • Marital status; • Military membership or status; • Phone and fax numbers (including mobile phone numbers); • Email address; • Immigration status; • Biometric information (e.g., fingerprints, photographs, signature) and other information used to conduct background and security checks; • Physical description (e.g., height, weight, eye color, hair color, race, ethnicity, identifying marks like tattoos or birthmarks); • Government issued identification information (i.e., passport, driver’s license): Æ Document type; Æ Issuing organization; Æ Document number; and Æ Expiration date; • Immigration benefit type and/or agency action requested (e.g., deferred action); • Supporting documentation as necessary (e.g. birth, marriage, and divorce certificates; licenses; academic diplomas and transcripts; appeals, requests for rehearing, and motions to reopen or reconsideration; explanatory statements; and unsolicited information submitted voluntarily by the individual seeking an immigration benefit or requesting agency action or family members in support of the request); • Notices and communications, including: Æ Requests for evidence; Æ Notices of intent to deny, fine, or terminate; and 
Æ Proofs of benefit (e.g., Employment Authorization Card, Permanent Resident Card); • Signature; • Fee payment information (e.g., credit card number, Pay.gov Payment Tracking Number); • Audio-visual recordings, including interviews and naturalization ceremonies; • Travel history; • Education history; • Work history; • Records regarding organization membership or affiliation; • Family relationships (e.g., parent, spouse, sibling, child, other dependents); • Information regarding the status of DOJ, EOIR and BIA proceedings, if applicable; • Case processing information such as the date an immigration request was filed or received by USCIS; status of such a request; location of record; other control number when applicable; and fee receipt data; • Representative information, including: Æ Name; Æ Law Firm/recognized organization; Æ Physical and mailing addresses; Æ Phone and fax numbers; Æ Email address; Æ Attorney Bar Card Number or equivalent; Æ Bar membership; Æ BIA representative accreditation authorization and expiration dates; Æ Law practice restriction(s) explanation; and Æ Signature. • Preparer and Interpreter information, including: Æ Full Name; Æ Business or Organization name; Æ Physical and mailing addresses; Æ Phone and fax numbers; Æ Email address; and Æ Signature. E. NFTS contains the location of the A-File whether paper or electronic. Specific data elements include: • A-Number; • Receipt File Number; • Primary immigration file tracking number (e.g., A-Number, Receipt File Number, Certificate Number (C- Number), and Temporary Number (T- Number)); • Location of the paper A-File and Receipt File within the USCIS FCO, as well as the history of who has maintained the paper A-File, including the component, section, and employee; and • Name of the USCIS FCO that has jurisdiction over a case maintained in USCIS ELIS and any transfer of jurisdiction to another USCIS office. 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43561 Federal Register /Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
F. MiDAS is an online interactive application system that provides an automated means for searching an index to legacy immigrant records opened or indexed prior to 1975. The MiDAS Search Engine includes the Flexoline Index, documenting the issuance of A– Numbers to individuals between August 1940 and 1948, as well as a card index to physical A-Files opened between April 1, 1944 and 1975. MiDAS index data may be used to create or update a CIS record of an A-Number issued or A- File opened prior to 1975. Specific A- File index data elements may include, but are not limited to: • A-Number; • C-Number; • Full name; • Date of birth; and • Place of birth (city, state, and country). RECORD SOURCE CATEGORIES: Basic information contained in DHS records is supplied by individuals on Department of State (DOS) and DHS applications and forms. Other information comes from publicly available information obtained from the Internet, public records, public institutions, interviewees, commercial data aggregators, inquiries or complaints from members of the general public and members of Congress, referrals of inquiries or complaints directed to the President or Secretary of Homeland Security, information shared through information sharing agreements, reports of investigations, sworn statements, correspondence, official reports, memoranda, and written referrals from other entities, including federal, state, and local governments, various courts and regulatory agencies, foreign government agencies, and international organizations. ROUTINE USES OF RECORDS MAINTAINED IN THE SYSTEM, INCLUDING CATEGORIES OF USERS AND PURPOSES OF SUCH USES: Information in this system of records contains information relating to persons who have pending or approved benefit requests for special protected classes and should not be disclosed pursuant to a routine use unless disclosure is otherwise permissible under the confidentiality statutes, regulations, or policies applicable to that information. For example, information relating to persons who have pending or approved benefit requests for protection under the Violence Against Women Act, Seasonal Agricultural Worker or Legalization claims, the Temporary Protected Status of an individual, and information relating to nonimmigrant visas protected under special confidentiality provisions 
should not be disclosed pursuant to a routine use unless disclosure is otherwise permissible under the confidentiality statutes, regulations, or policies applicable to that information. These confidentiality provisions do not prevent DHS from disclosing information to the DOJ and Offices of the United States Attorney as part of an ongoing criminal or civil investigation. In addition to those disclosures generally permitted under 5 U.S.C. 552a(b) of the Privacy Act, all or a portion of the records or information contained in this system may be disclosed outside DHS as a routine use pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552a(b)(3) as follows: A. To DOJ, including Offices of the U.S. Attorneys, or other federal agency conducting litigation or in proceedings before any court, adjudicative, or administrative body, when it is relevant or necessary to the litigation and one of the following is a party to the litigation or has an interest in such litigation: 1. DHS or any component thereof; 2. Any employee or former employee of DHS in his/her official capacity; 3. Any employee or former employee of DHS in his/her individual capacity when DOJ or DHS has agreed to represent the employee; or 4. The United States or any agency thereof. B. To a congressional office from the record of an individual in response to an inquiry from that congressional office made at the request of the individual to whom the record pertains. C. To the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or General Services Administration pursuant to records management inspections being conducted under the authority of 44 U.S.C. 2904 and 2906. D. To an agency or organization for the purpose of performing audit or oversight operations as authorized by law, but only such information as is necessary and relevant to such audit or oversight function. E. To appropriate agencies, entities, and persons when: 1. DHS determines that information from this system of records is reasonably necessary and otherwise compatible with the purpose of collection to assist another federal recipient agency or entity in (1) responding to a suspected or confirmed breach or (2) preventing, minimizing, or remedying the risk of harm to individuals, the recipient agency or entity (including its information systems, programs, and operations), the Federal Government, or national security, resulting from a suspected or confirmed breach; or 
2. DHS suspects or has confirmed that there has been a breach of this system of records; and (a) DHS has determined that as a result of the suspected or confirmed breach, there is a risk of harm to individuals, harm to DHS (including its information systems, programs, and operations), the Federal Government, or national security; and (b) the disclosure made to such agencies, entities, and persons is reasonably necessary to assist in connection with DHS’s efforts to respond to the suspected or confirmed breach or to prevent, minimize, or remedy such harm. F. To contractors and their agents, grantees, experts, consultants, and others performing or working on a contract, service, grant, cooperative agreement, or other assignment for DHS, when necessary to accomplish an agency function related to this system of records. Individuals provided information under this routine use are subject to the same Privacy Act requirements and limitations on disclosure as are applicable to DHS officers and employees. G. To an appropriate Federal, State, tribal, local, international, or foreign law enforcement agency or other appropriate authority charged with investigating or prosecuting a violation or enforcing or implementing a law, rule, regulation, or order, when a record, either on its face or in conjunction with other information, indicates a violation or potential violation of law, which includes criminal, civil, or regulatory violations and such disclosure is proper and consistent with the official duties of the person making the disclosure. H. To appropriate Federal, State, tribal, local, or foreign governmental agencies or multilateral governmental organizations responsible for investigating or prosecuting the violations of, or for enforcing or implementing, a statute, rule, regulation, order, or license, when DHS believes the information would assist in enforcing applicable civil or criminal laws. I. To third parties during the course of a law enforcement investigation to the extent necessary to obtain information pertinent to the investigation. J. To an organization or person in either the public or private sector, either foreign or domestic, when there is a reason to believe that the recipient is or could become the target of a particular terrorist activity or conspiracy, or when the information is relevant to the protection of life, property, or other vital interests of a person. K. To clerks and judges of courts exercising naturalization jurisdiction for 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43562 Federal Register/Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
the purpose of granting naturalization and administering naturalization oaths, and to enable such courts to determine eligibility for naturalization or grounds for revocation of naturalization. L. To courts, magistrates, administrative tribunals, opposing counsel, parties, and witnesses, in the course of immigration, civil, or criminal proceedings before a court or adjudicative body when it is necessary or relevant to the litigation or proceeding and the following is a party to the proceeding or has an interest in the proceeding: 1. DHS or any component thereof; or 2. Any employee of DHS in his or her official capacity; or 3. Any employee of DHS in his or her individual capacity when the DOJ or DHS has agreed to represent the employee; or 4. The United States or any agency thereof. M. To an attorney or representative (as defined in 8 CFR 1.2) who is acting on behalf of an individual covered by this system of records in connection with any proceeding before USCIS, ICE, or CBP or the DOJ EOIR, as required by law or as deemed necessary in the discretion of the Department. N. To DOJ (including Offices of the United States Attorneys) or other federal agency conducting litigation or in proceedings before any court, adjudicative, or administrative body, when necessary to assist in the development of such agency’s legal and/ or policy position. O. To DOS in the processing of petitions or applications for benefits under the INA, and all other immigration and nationality laws including treaties and reciprocal agreements; or when DOS requires information to consider and/or provide an informed response to a request for information from a foreign, international, or intergovernmental agency, authority, or organization about an alien or an enforcement operation with transnational implications. P. To appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, or foreign governments, as well as to other individuals and organizations during the course of an investigation by DHS or the processing of a matter under DHS’s jurisdiction, or during a proceeding within the purview of the immigration and nationality laws, when DHS deems that such disclosure is necessary to carry out its functions and statutory mandates. Q. To an appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, or foreign government agency or organization, or international organization, lawfully 
engaged in collecting law enforcement intelligence, whether civil or criminal, or charged with investigating, prosecuting, enforcing, or implementing civil or criminal laws, related rules, regulations, or orders, to enable these entities to carry out their law enforcement responsibilities, including the collection of law enforcement intelligence and the disclosure is appropriate to the proper performance of the official duties of the person receiving the information. R. To an appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, foreign, or international agency, if the information is relevant to a requesting agency’s decision concerning the hiring or retention of an individual, or issuance of a security clearance, license, contract, grant, or other benefit, or if the information is relevant to a DHS decision concerning the hiring or retention of an employee, the issuance of a security clearance, the reporting of an investigation of an employee, the letting of a contract, or the issuance of a license, grant, or other benefit. S. To an appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, foreign, or international agency, if DHS determines: (1) The information is relevant and necessary to that agency’s decision concerning the hiring or retention of an individual, or issuance of a security clearance, license, contract, grant, or other benefit; and (2) failure to disclose the information is likely to create a substantial risk to government facilities, equipment, or personnel; sensitive information; critical infrastructure; or public safety. T. To appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, or foreign governmental agencies or multilateral governmental organizations for the purpose of protecting the vital interests of a data subject or other persons, including to assist such agencies or organizations in preventing exposure to, or transmission of a communicable or quarantinable disease or to combat other significant public health threats; appropriate notice will be provided of any identified health threat or risk. U. To an individual’s current employer to the extent necessary to determine employment eligibility or to a prospective employer or government agency to verify whether an individual is eligible for a government-issued credential that is a condition of employment. V. To a former employee of DHS, in accordance with applicable regulations, for purposes of: Responding to an official inquiry by a federal, state, or local government entity or professional licensing authority; or facilitating 
communications with a former employee that may be necessary for personnel-related or other official purposes when DHS requires information or consultation assistance from the former employee regarding a matter within that person’s former area of responsibility. W. To the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) in connection with the review of private relief legislation as set forth in OMB Circular No. A–19 at any stage of the legislative coordination and clearance process as set forth in the Circular. X. To the U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary or the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on the Judiciary when necessary to inform members of Congress about an alien who is being considered for private immigration relief. Y. To a Federal, State, tribal, or local government agency and/or to domestic courts to assist such agencies in collecting the repayment of loans, or fraudulently or erroneously secured benefits, grants, or other debts owed to them or to the U.S. Government, or to obtain information that may assist DHS in collecting debts owed to the U.S. Government. Z. To an individual or entity seeking to post or arrange, or who has already posted or arranged, an immigration bond for an alien, to aid the individual or entity in (1) identifying the location of the alien; (2) posting the bond; (3) obtaining payments related to the bond; or (4) conducting other administrative or financial management activities related to the bond. AA. To a coroner for purposes of affirmatively identifying a deceased individual (whether or not such individual is deceased as a result of a crime). BB. Consistent with the requirements of the INA, to the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), or to any state or local health authorities, to: 1. Provide proper medical oversight of DHS-designated Civil Surgeons who perform medical examinations of both arriving aliens and of those requesting status as lawful permanent residents; and 2. Ensure that all health issues potentially affecting public health and safety in the United States are being or have been, adequately addressed. CC. To a Federal, State, local, tribal, or territorial government agency seeking to verify or ascertain the citizenship or immigration status of any individual within the jurisdiction of the agency for any purpose authorized by law. 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43563 Federal Register /Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
DD. To the Social Security Administration (SSA) for the purpose of issuing a SSN and card to an alien who has made a request for a SSN as part of the immigration process and in accordance with any related agreements in effect between the SSA, DHS, and DOS entered into pursuant to 20 CFR 422.103(b)(3), 422.103(c)(3), and 422.106(a), or other relevant laws and regulations. EE. To Federal and foreign government intelligence or counterterrorism agencies or components when DHS becomes aware of an indication of a threat or potential threat to national or international security, or when such use is to conduct national intelligence and security investigations or assist in anti-terrorism efforts. FF. To third parties to facilitate placement or release of an individual (e.g., at a group home, homeless shelter) who has been or is about to be released from DHS custody, but only such information that is relevant and necessary to arrange housing or continuing medical care for the individual. GG. To an appropriate domestic government agency or other appropriate authority for the purpose of providing information about an individual who has been or is about to be released from DHS custody who, due to a condition such as mental illness, may pose a health or safety risk to himself/herself or to the community. DHS will only disclose information about the individual that is relevant to the health or safety risk they may pose and/or the means to mitigate that risk (e.g., the individual’s need to remain on certain medication for a serious mental health condition). HH. To foreign governments for the purpose of coordinating and conducting the removal of individuals to other nations under the INA; and to international, foreign, and intergovernmental agencies, authorities, and organizations in accordance with law and formal or informal international arrangements. II. To a Federal, State, local, territorial, tribal, international, or foreign criminal, civil, or regulatory law enforcement authority when the information is necessary for collaboration, coordination, and de- confliction of investigative matters, prosecutions, and/or other law enforcement actions to avoid duplicative or disruptive efforts and to ensure the safety of law enforcement officers who may be working on related law enforcement matters. 
JJ. To the DOJ Federal Bureau of Prisons and other Federal, State, local, territorial, tribal, and foreign law enforcement or custodial agencies for the purpose of placing an immigration detainer on an individual in that agency’s custody, or to facilitate the transfer of custody of an individual from DHS to the other agency. This will include the transfer of information about unaccompanied minor children to HHS to facilitate the custodial transfer of such children from DHS to HHS. KK. To Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, or foreign governmental or quasi-governmental agencies or courts to confirm the location, custodial status, removal, or voluntary departure of an alien from the United States, in order to facilitate the recipients’ exercise of responsibilities pertaining to the custody, care, or legal rights (including issuance of a U.S. passport) of the removed individual’s minor children, or the adjudication or collection of child support payments or other debts owed by the removed individual. LL. To a Federal, State, tribal, territorial, local, international, or foreign government agency or multilateral governmental organization for the purpose of consulting with that agency or entity: (1) To assist in making a determination regarding redress for an individual in connection with the operations of a DHS component or program; (2) for the purpose of verifying the identity of an individual seeking redress in connection with the operations of a DHS component or program; or (3) for the purpose of verifying the accuracy of information submitted by an individual who has requested such redress on behalf of another individual. MM. To family members, guardians, committees, friends, or other agents identified by law or regulation to receive notification, decisions, and other papers as provided in 8 CFR 103.8 from DHS or EOIR following verification of a familial or agency relationship with an alien when DHS is aware of indicia of incompetency or when an immigration judge determines an alien is mentally incompetent. NN. To the news media and the public, with the approval of the Chief Privacy Officer in consultation with counsel, when there exists a legitimate public interest in the disclosure of the information or when disclosure is necessary to preserve confidence in the integrity of DHS or is necessary to demonstrate the accountability of DHS’s officers, employees, or individuals covered by the system, except to the extent the Chief Privacy Officer determines that release of the specific 
information in the context of a particular case would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. OO. To domestic governmental agencies seeking to determine the immigration status of persons who have applied to purchase/obtain a firearm in the United States, pursuant to checks conducted on such persons under the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act or other applicable laws. POLICIES AND PRACTICES FOR STORAGE OF RECORDS: Records in this system are stored electronically or on paper in secure facilities in a locked drawer behind a locked door. The records may be stored on magnetic disc, tape, and digital media. POLICIES AND PRACTICES FOR RETRIEVAL OF RECORDS: DHS/USCIS retrieves records by searching in CIS using the following data alone or in any combination: • A-Number; • Full name; • Alias; • Sounds-like name with or without date of birth; • Certificate of Citizenship or Naturalization Certificate number; • Driver’s License number; • FBI Identification/Universal Control Number; • Fingerprint Identification Number; • I–94 admission number; • Passport number; • SSN; or • Travel Document number. DHS/USCIS retrieves records by searching electronic A–Files in EDMS by any of the following fields alone or in any combination: • A-Number; • Last name; • First name; • Middle name; • Aliases; • Date of birth; • Country of birth; • Gender; and • Through a full text-based search of records contained in the electronic A– File (based on optical character recognition of the scanned images). DHS/USCIS retrieves records by searching in USCIS ELIS using the following data alone or in any combination: • Full Name; • Aliases; • A-Number; • USCIS Online Account Number; • Date of birth; • Immigration benefit type and/or agency action requested (e.g., deferred action); 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43564 Federal Register/Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
• Fee receipt data; • Date benefit request was filed; • Date benefit request was received; • Representative name; • Preparer name; and • Interpreter name. DHS/USCIS retrieves the location of A-Files, whether paper or electronic, by searching in NFTS using the following data: • A-Number; • USCIS Online Account Number; or • Receipt File Number. DHS/USCIS retrieves genealogy records and requests in MiDAS by searching the following data alone or in any combination: • Requestor’s first name; • Requestor’s last name; • Requestor’s Case and/or Control Number; • Record subject’s A–Number or immigration case file number; • Record subject’s first name; • Record subject’s last name; and • Record subject’s alias. POLICIES AND PRACTICES FOR RETENTION AND DISPOSAL OF RECORDS: The official A-File record may take three possible forms: (1) Records contained within the paper A-File; (2) records contained within the electronic record from EDMS or USCIS ELIS; or (3) a combination of paper and electronic records and supporting documentation. A-File records are maintained in accordance with N1–566–08–11. DHS/ USCIS transfers A-Files to the custody of NARA 100 years after the individual’s date of birth. CIS records are maintained in accordance with N1–566–10–01. CIS is an internal DHS-mission critical system that contains records that serve as a finding aid to agency case files. Records in CIS are permanently retained because they are the index of the A-File, summarize the history of an immigrant in the adjudication process, and identify the A-File location(s). NFTS records are maintained in accordance with N1–566–06–01. NFTS records are temporary and deleted when they are no longer needed for agency business. NFTS records associated with an A-File will be retained on a permanent basis even after the A-File has been retired to NARA to retain accurate recordkeeping. Other immigration case files with a shorter retention period will have the associated NFTS record destroyed or deleted once the file has been destroyed. MiDAS information (data and electronic images) pertaining to correspondence with the public and government requestor is retained and disposed every six years in accordance 
with the NARA General Records Schedules 4.2 and 14. The immigration case files contained in MiDAS are retained permanently. Records are transferred to NARA after 100 years after the last completed action. Records replicated on the unclassified and classified networks for analysis and vetting will follow the same retention schedule. ADMINISTRATIVE, TECHNICAL, AND PHYSICAL SAFEGUARDS: DHS/USCIS safeguards records in this system according to applicable rules and policies, including all applicable DHS automated systems security and access policies. USCIS has imposed strict controls to minimize the risk of compromising the information that is being stored. Access to the computer system containing the records in this system is limited to those individuals who have a need to know the information for the performance of their official duties and who have appropriate clearances or permissions. RECORD ACCESS PROCEDURES: The Secretary of Homeland Security has exempted this system from the notification, access, and amendment procedures of the Privacy Act, and those of the Judicial Redress Act (JRA) if applicable, because it is a law enforcement system. However, DHS/ USCIS will consider individual requests to determine whether or not information may be released. Thus, individuals seeking access to and notification of any record contained in this system of records, or seeking to contest its content, may submit a request in writing to the Chief Privacy Officer and USCIS Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Officer, whose contact information can be found at http://www.dhs.gov/foia under ‘‘Contacts Information.’’ If an individual believes more than one component maintains Privacy Act records concerning him or her, the individual may submit the request to the Chief Privacy Officer and Chief Freedom of Information Act Officer, Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC 20528–0655. Even if neither the Privacy Act nor the Judicial Redress Act provide a right of access, certain records about you may be available under the FOIA. When seeking records about yourself from this system of records or any other Departmental system of records, your request must conform with the Privacy Act regulations set forth in 6 CFR part 5. You must first verify your identity, meaning that you must provide your full name, current address, and date and place of birth. You must sign your 
request, and your signature must either be notarized or submitted under 28 U.S.C. 1746, a law that permits statements to be made under penalty of perjury as a substitute for notarization. While no specific form is required, you may obtain forms for this purpose from the Chief Privacy Officer and Chief Freedom of Information Act Officer, http://www.dhs.gov/foia or 1–866–431– 0486. In addition, you should: • Explain why you believe the Department would have information on you; • Identify which component(s) of the Department you believe may have the information about you; • Specify when you believe the records would have been created; and • Provide any other information that will help the FOIA staff determine which DHS component agency may have responsive records. If your request is seeking records pertaining to another living individual, you must include a statement from that individual certifying his/her agreement for you to access his/her records. Without the above information, the component(s) may not be able to conduct an effective search, and your request may be denied due to lack of specificity or lack of compliance with applicable regulations. CONTESTING RECORD PROCEDURES: For records covered by the Privacy Act or covered JRA records, see ‘‘access procedures’’ above. NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES: See ‘‘Record Access procedure.’’ EXEMPTIONS PROMULGATED FOR THE SYSTEM: The Secretary of Homeland Security has exempted this system from the following provisions of the Privacy Act pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552a(j)(2): 5 U.S.C. 552a(c)(3), (c)(4), (d), (e)(1), (e)(2), (e)(3), (e)(4)(G), (e)(4)(H), (e)(4)(I), (e)(5), (e)(8), (e)(12), (f), (g)(1), and (h). Additionally, the Secretary of Homeland Security has exempted this system from the following provisions of the Privacy Act pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552a(k)(1) and (k)(2): 5 U.S.C. 552a(c)(3), (d), (e)(1), (e)(4)(G), (e)(4)(H), (e)(4)(I), and (f). When this system receives a record from another system exempted in that source system under 5 U.S.C. 552a(j)(2), DHS will claim the same exemptions for those records that are claimed for the original primary systems of records from which they originated and claims any additional exemptions set forth here. HISTORY: DHS/USCIS/ICE/CBP–001 Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking 
VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:54 Sep 15, 2017 Jkt 241001 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18SEN1.SGM 18SEN1 sradovich on DSKBBY8HB2PROD with NOTICES
43565 Federal Register /Vol. 82, No. 179/Monday, September 18, 2017/Notices 
System of Records, 78 FR 69864 (Nov. 21, 2013); Alien File, Index, and National File Tracking SORN, 76 FR 34233l (Jun. 13, 2011); Alien File (A- File) and Central Index System (CIS) Systems of Records 78 FR 1755 (Jan. 16, 2007). Jonathan R. Cantor, Acting Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Homeland Security. [FR Doc. 2017–19365 Filed 9–15–17; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 9111–97–P 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement [OMB Control Number 1653–0038] 
Agency Information Collection Activities: Student and Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS); Extension, Without Change, of a Currently Approved Collection AGENCY: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security. NOTICE: 60-day notice. SUMMARY: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) will be submitting the following information collection request to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review and clearance in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995. The information collection is published in the Federal Register to 
obtain comments from the public and affected agencies. DATES: Comments are encouraged and will be accepted for sixty days until November 17, 2017. ADDRESSES: Written comments and suggestions regarding items contained in this notice and especially with regard to the estimated public burden and associated response time should be directed the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), PRA Clearance Officer, U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, 801 I Street NW., Mailstop 5800, Washington, DC 20536–5800. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Written comments and suggestions from the public and affected agencies concerning the proposed collection of information should address one or more of the following four points: (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agencies estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information, including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) Enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of information technology, 
e.g., permitting electronic submission of responses. Overview of This Information Collection (1) Type of Information Collection: Extension, without change, of a currently approved information collection. (2) Title of the Form/Collection: Student and Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS). (3) Agency form number, if any, and the applicable component of the Department of Homeland Security sponsoring the collection: Forms I–17 and I–20; U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. (4) Affected public who will be asked or required to respond, as well as a brief abstract: Primary Non-profit institutions and individuals or households. SEVIS is an Internet-based data-entry, collection and reporting system. It collects information on SEVP-certified schools via the Form I–17, ‘‘Petition for Approval of School for Attendance by Nonimmigrant Student,’’ and collects information on the F and M nonimmigrant students that the SEVP- certified schools admit into their programs of study via the Forms I–20s: ‘‘Certificate of Eligibility for Nonimmigrant (F–1) Student Status— For Academic and Language Students’’ and ‘‘Certificate of Eligibility for Nonimmigrant (M–1) Student Status— For Vocational Students’’. (5) An estimate of the total number of respondents and the amount of time estimated for an average respondent to respond: 